# Introduction

This repository contains the solution to the Snappymob Programming Challenge.

## Requirements

#### Challenge A

- Write a program that will generate four (4) types of printable random objects and store them in a single file, each object will be separated by a ",".
- These are the 4 objects: alphabetical strings, real numbers, integers, alphanumerics.
- The alphanumerics should contain a random number of spaces before and after it (not exceeding 10 spaces).
- The output should be 10MB in size.

#### Challenge B

- Create a program that will read the generated file above and print to the console the object and its type.
- Spaces before and after the alphanumeric object must be stripped.

#### Challenge C

- Dockerize Challenge B.
- Write a docker file so that it reads the output from Challenge A as an Input.
- Once this container is started, the program in challenge B is executed to process this file.
- The output should be saved in a file and should be exposed to the Docker host machine.

## Getting Started

### Forking the Repository

1. **Fork:**  
   Click the **Fork** button on the GitHub repository page to create your own copy.

2. **Clone:**  
   Clone your forked repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/<your-username>/w-snappymob.git
   ```

3. **Navigate:**  
   Change to the repository directory:

   ```bash
   cd w-snappymob
   ```

### Installation

- `Ruby 2.5.9` (or compatible version) installed locally.
- `Docker` installed.
- Bundler and Gems:
  The project uses the `colorize` gem.

  ```bash
  gem install colorize -v 0.8.1
  ```

### Running the Programs

1. **Challenge A**  
   Run the Ruby script for Challenge A to generate the random objects file:

   ```bash
   ruby challenge_a.rb snappymob random_objects.txt
   ```

   This will create the output file (e.g., `random_objects.txt`) using the `SnappymobRandomObjectGenerator`.

2. **Challenge B**  
   To process the generated file and print each object with its type, run:

   ```bash
   ruby challenge_b.rb <input_file>
   ```

   Replace <input_file> with the filename generated by Challenge A (e.g., random_objects.txt).

3. **Challenge C**  
   Build the Docker Image:

   ```bash
   sudo docker build -t challenge_c .
   ```

   Run the Docker Container: Mount your current directory to /app inside the container so the output file is accessible on your host:

   ```bash
   sudo docker run -v "$(pwd):/app" challenge_c
   ```

   The container will execute Challenge B, process the file, and write the processed output to a file (e.g., processed_objects.txt) in your host directory.
